added addProfil functionality (#2)
kihenkel/dinman: README.md

- `start-excluded [app]` - Starts apps dependencies but not app itself
- `start-only [app]` - Starts app only (without dependencies)
- `start-all` - Starts all apps from config

> - `start-profil [profil]` - Starts all APPS which are inside a configured profil

Reviewer: Unfortunately the proper english term for what you want is `profile`. 😀  Can we change the wording everywhere from `profil` to `profile`?

}
```

This configures eg. the type `app` to be a *loose* dependency to `service`. If now a service has a dependency to an app, the app will not start automatically.

### Configure default profils
If you want to start mutltiply APPs which aren´t connect to each others via a dependency, then you can configure a profil. 
To do this, you only need to name your profile in startProfile.json and specify which apps yout want to be started.

> To start your profil you only have to type `start-profil profil-name`, then all your previously specified APPs and their Subapps will be executed.

Reviewer: Just a couple of misspellings/typos :)
```suggestion
If you want to start multiple apps which aren't connected to each other via dependencies, then you can configure a profile. 
To do this you only need to name your profile in startProfile.json and specify which apps you want to be started.
To start your profile you only have to type `start-profil profil-name`, then all your previously specified apps and their dependencies will be started.
```
